.Dd $Mdocdate: November 28 2024 $
.Dt DEPP 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm depp
.Nd generate HTML files for a git repository
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm depp
.Op Fl c Ar commits
.Op Fl d Ar destination
.Op Fl f
.Op Fl u Ar URL
.Op Fl v
.Ar repository
.Sh DESCRIPTION
For the given
.Xr git 1
.Ar repository
.Nm
generates static HTML files which provide a simple repository overview.
This includes recent commits, a file tree, and (rendered) README files.
In regards to the file tree,
.Nm
only operates on the current repository head.
.Pp
This software is most commonly invoked from a
.Pa post-receive
hook registered on the Git server.
Thereby causing generated HTML to be updated automatically.
Refer to
.Xr githooks 5
for more information on these hooks.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl c Ar commits
Amount of
.Ar commits
to include on the index page.
For each commit the commit message, the author name, and the commit date are displayed.
By default the last 5 commits are displayed.
.It Fl d Ar destination
The generated HTML file are written to the given
.Ar destination
directory.
This directory is created if it does not exist yet.
By default a
.Pa www
subdirectory is created and used in the current directory.
.It Fl f
By default
.Nm
only generates HTML for files that changed since the last invocation.
If this option is passed, all files are regenerated unconditionally.
.It Fl u Ar URL
The
.Ar URL
used to clone the repository.
If provided, this information is displayed in the header of each generated HTML page.
.It Fl v
Print the name of each file that changed since the last invocation.
.El
.Sh FILES
The following special files in bare Git repositories are recognized:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Pa git-description
Contains a short description of the repository which is displayed in the header of each HTML file (if present).
.It Pa git-render-readme
Executable file which receives
.Pa README
files on standard input and should write HTML for these files to standard output.
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std depp
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr git 1 ,
.Xr gitweb 1 ,
.Xr githooks 5
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Sören Tempel Aq Mt soeren@soeren-tempel.net
.Sh CAVEATS
Existing HTML files are not tracked by this utility.
If a file is removed from the repository, it is not automatically removed from the .Ar destination directory.
