.Dd $Mdocdate: June 10 2020 $
.Dt DEPP-INDEX 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm depp-index
.Nd generate an index page for Git web viewers
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm depp-index
.Op Fl d Ar destination
.Op Fl p Ar num
.Op Fl s Ar description
.Op Fl t Ar title
.Op Fl x
.Ar repository ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
For the given
.Ar repostories
.Nm
generates an HTML index page listing all of them.
The listing includes a short description of each repository, the time it was last modified, and a link to a repository page which provides more information.
Repositories are sorted in descending order by their modification time.
Referenced repository pages must be generated separately, for instance using
.Xr depp 1 .
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl d Ar destination
The generated HTML and CSS files are written to the given
.Ar destination
directory.
This directory is created if it does not exist yet.
By default a
.Pa www
subdirectory is created and used in the current directory.
.It Fl p Ar num
List
.Ar num
repositories per generated web page.
The default is 20, the special value -1 disable pagination entirely.
.It Fl s Ar description
The header of the generated HTML optionally contains a short
.Ar description
of the page.
By default, no description is included.
.It Fl t Ar title
This argument specifies the
.Ar title
of the generated index page.
.It Fl x
Strip the
.Pa .git
file name extension (if it exists) when linking to the repository on the index page.
This is useful when serving both the HTML and the Git repository itself over HTTP in the same directory.
.El
.Sh FILES
The following files are used in bare Git repositories for metadata:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Pa git-description
Used to provide a description for each repository in the list.
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std depp-index
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr depp 1 ,
.Xr git 1
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Sören Tempel Aq Mt soeren@soeren-tempel.net
